[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai!
In a crushing display of
his newly increased powers,
Vegeta dealt rival Cui
out of the game for good.
Meanwhile, sensing
the dark forces
that had converged on Namek,
Krillin and Gohan decided to
venture out of
their hiding place
to investigate what Frieza
and his men were up to...
Back on Earth,
Goku made a complete recovery,
and is determined to
enter the fray... now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[GOKU laughs]
Why, Goku...!
Aww...
Hi, Bulma's mom!
You've healed so fast;
can it really be you?
Oh, it's me alright...
Do you know
if the spaceship
I asked Bulma's dad
to fix is done yet?
Well... I'm not sure.
Last I saw, he was
still tinkering around.
He's still working...?!
That's not good.
[BULMA'S MOM] Oh, come
along. Let's go see him.
He's in the inner yard.
Oh my, who would've
ever thought
our darling little Goku
would grow up to be so
dashingly handsome...?
You simply must take me
out sometime soon, yes?
Uh, sure, yeah...
Just let me...
defeat the Saiyans...
[BULMA'S MOM laughs]
Well, aren't you
the busy beaver...
Y'know, I stumbled across
the most adorable cake
shop the other day...
And the thought
occurred to me...
If you hadn't saved
the world it'd be gone...
So thank you.
Heh. Heh.
Oh, don't mention it.
[BULMA'S MOM] Sweetums!
Goku's here to see
how you're doing on
the space-thingy.
Woah! You've gotta
be kidding me...
That's my spaceship?!
It's the size of a house!
Hey there... Didn't take
you long to heal up.
No... Korin gave me
a Senzu bean...
But what
about the ship...?
Are you really not
finished with it yet?
Mmm... Just a few odds
and ends left...
Come on in
and have a look.
Let me run and get you somethin'
to wet your whistles, 'kay?
That'd be great,
thank you.
Oh wow...! Amazing...!
How does one little space pod
turn into something like this?
Built to your specifications,
with a few tweaks of my own.
Ah! There's room for
all kinds of training in here.
Quite a challenge...
Hell, just locating this
thing was an adventure...
Not to mention she was in
shambles for the most part...
But, luckily there was
enough of 'er still intact
for me to reverse engineer...
Practically built
the thing from scratch.
Wait, it was in shambles?
My little pod...?
That's weird...
I wonder if I did
somethin' to mess it up
when I was a kid...
Well, shambles or not,
Saiyan technology is
pretty damn spectacular.
So, uh... Where's the...
uh... Artificial Gravity Device?
Here... Just like
ya asked for.
[GOKU]
Whoa. Looks complicated.
[BRIEFS] Not at all.
See, there's the "on" switch.
And that's the controller...
Now, this puppy can
put out a hundred G's,
as you requested...
So be very careful...
That kind of force is nothing
to thumb your nose at.
Even for someone like you...
After all... If you weighed
just a hundred pounds,
a hundred G's would put
you at ten-thousand pounds...
Five tons...
A man'd have to be crazy--
Trust me... That's the idea.
I'm gonna have to push
myself really hard
between here and Namek...
So is this thing ready for
space travel yet or what?
Oh, she'll fly...
Like a shooting star...
You can bet your life on it.
Wha...? So...
[BRIEFS] So your
bedroom, bathroom,
and fully stocked kitchen
are just down
that ladder there...
[GOKU]
Wait. I don't get it.
What exactly is
left to be done?
I haven't yet found
an optimal spot
to mount the stereo speakers...
No point goin' hi-fi
if ya don't do it right.
So... Speakers...
A set of speakers is all that's
keepin' me on the ground?!
That's all, he says... Ha...!
I'll have you
know it's quite tricky.
There's natural
acoustics to consider,
reverberation,
tons of issues...
But... Who cares about where
you put the speakers!
I'm in the biggest
hurry of my life here!
I have to get goin'!
[BRIEFS] So sound
quality is of no concern?
[GOKU] I got a message
from your daughter,
for cryin' out loud!
I need to leave,
like, yesterday!
Hmm...
Please, please, please!
You gotta show me how
to fly this thing! Now!
Fine, fine...
But you're absolutely sure
about the stereo speakers?
Uh-huh!
The flight data you need
has been pre-programmed...
At the touch of
a button... bleep-bloop...
Ya just sit back...
And let the ship make
the six-day flight
to Namek on its own.
Six days...?! I can get
to Namek in six days?!
You're a genius doc!
[BULMA'S MOM]
La, la, la, la...
Is it true?
Is Goku really
here right now?!
Oh, yes...
He's touring the newly
refurbished spaceship
in the inner yard.
[loud rumbling]
[BULMA'S MOM yells]
[OOLONG and PUAR yell]
[loud rumbling]
Oh...!
[OOLONG and PUAR yell]
[loud rumbling]
'Kay... Now... I think...
I press this button next.
Uhh...
[GOKU yells]
[BRIEFS] Huh...
Considering how hastily
I threw her together...
She does fly like
a shooting star.
What the...?
Hey, where's Goku?
[BRIEFS sighs]
He left in
quite a tizzy.
[BRIEFS] I hope
he was sure about
those stereo speakers...
[loud rumbling]
Man, this thing
sure is fast, huh?
[GOKU]
Time to start trainin'...
It's great that I'll get to
Namek in just six days and all,
but that doesn't give
me a whole lot of time
to make sure I'm up to
fightin' Vegeta and his pals.
Now let's see if
I remember this right...
King Kai said his planet had
ten-times the gravity of Earth,
so I'm thinkin'
twenty-times the gravity
oughta be a good start...
[beeping]
There we go.
Uhh...
[whirring]
[GOKU grunts]
[GOKU yells]
That's it. Feel the burn.
[running footsteps]
Okay... We're close.
So go ahead and suppress
your power completely...
We'll sneak up
on 'em from here.
You got it.
[KRILLIN] They're on the
other side of that cliff.
[footsteps]
Man these guys are strong...
[GOHAN]
Are those houses?
They look a lot like
the ship we flew here in.
[KRILLIN] Whatever they're
up to, it can't be good...
The lackeys are one thing...
but those three right there,
especially the funny-lookin'
one in the middle...
Their power's unbelievable!
I can feel it, too...
Uh...!
Gohan, do you see
what I'm seeing?!
The big one and
the guy with the hair,
look at what they've
got in their hands!
[GOHAN gasps]
I didn't know Dragon
Balls could be so big!
Huh...?
Something wrong,
Dodoria?
I thought I picked up
a tiny power level
coming from that cliff
just a second ago;
but whatever it was,
it's gone now...
It was probably an
insect or something.
[GOHAN and KRILLIN shudder]
Wasn't good...
We were this close
to being spotted.
[SUBORDINATE GATOR FACE]
Frieza, sir.
Only five appear to be home...
According to them, the
rest are "tilling the land."
Get out here now...
otherwise I start shooting.
Huh...?
Hey, that guy looks
just like Piccolo!
It's... a real-live Namekian!
[FRIEZA laughs]
[KRILLIN]
What are they gonna do?
Why did they force
'em all outside?
[GOHAN] Krillin, think any of
those bad guys are Saiyan?
No they're not...
They all have the
same battle gear on,
but those goons
aren't Saiyan.
Besides, according to Vegeta,
he's the last Saiyan
in existence
in the whole universe,
remember...?
Well, not counting you
and your dad, of course.
Then... who are they?
Now that I think about it,
Goku's big brother
mentioned some crew...
We scour the known universe.
We search for planets
with habitable environments
that using our
superior combat skills
eliminate all native
forms of life...
I'm not sure, but I think
these are the same guys
he was talking about.
Only thing... I don't see
Vegeta anywhere yet, do you?
[KRILLIN] Do ya
think he's looking for
the Dragon Balls
someplace else?
[ELDER and NAMEKIANS shudder]
What...?!
[ELDER grunts]
[FRIEZA] Greetings,
my name is Frieza.
As you can no doubt
surmise for yourselves,
I'm quite the collector
of Dragon Balls.
So now... I've told you
a little something about me...
I expect you to
repay the courtesy
by telling us the whereabouts
of your neighbors.
Our sources say there
should be ten of you.
[NAMEKIANS shudder]
You intend stay
silent on the matter...?
Very well then.
[buzzing]
Come now, we haven't
got all day, have we?
[DODORIA laughs]
Nuwainita...
hanitaemao moteleki koeto...
Huh... A valiant
effort, my friend;
but you will kindly answer our
questions in the same language
with which they are addressed
to you, not this gibberish.
As I said, the others
are tilling the land...
Only the old and
very young stay behind...
I speak the truth.
[FRIEZA] There, you see?
That wasn't so difficult.
Continue to cooperate and
you've nothing to fear...
Now, let's move on to more
pressing concerns, shall we?
I believe you have a Dragon
Ball in your possession?
[GOHAN and KRILLIN gasp]
[FRIEZA] You are to present
it to me immediately.
Wha... I've... no idea
what you're speaking of...
[FRIEZA laughs]
Dodoria.
Lord?
[FRIEZA] I'm confused.
That other Namekian
we spoke to...
He related something quite
intriguing, did he not?
Yes... He did...
Somethin' about not
being able to hand over
his Dragon Ball except to
someone worthy... Heh...
Indeed... He was most
adamant about that point.
Try as we might, though,
we could not get
him to say more.
At least... not before we
decided to kill one of them.
[ELDER gasps]
Once that became part
of the discussion,
he opened up quite a bit.
About how the Grand
Elder of this world
created seven Dragon Balls...
How each one was entrusted to
the care of a specific guardian,
who is required to determine,
by conducting trials
of wit and strength,
whether a given seeker's
wish is honorable...
And that only after being
determined sufficiently worthy
can someone obtain the Dragon
Balls, etcetera, etcetera...
Well, and as you might imagine,
I had quite a difficult time
convincing the poor fellow
to see me as worthy...
I was told flat out
that I'd never obtain
a single Dragon Ball.
And since I've never been
one to take bad news well,
I'm afraid I killed him.
That did delay
our efforts to find
the first Dragon
Ball somewhat...
But after locating it,
the next three were
simply a matter of using
the right balance of
persuasion and tact.
Since then,
your people have been
extraordinarily accommodating.
Heh... Oh, I see...
That's how it works, huh?
Accommodating, you say?
You're a liar...!
I don't believe a word!
There's no way
the others
would've handed over
their Dragon Balls
without protest to
someone as vile as you!
Ah you see,
that's where you're wrong;
once we showed them
this little ice-breaker
they were glad to help.
Zarbon, if you would.
Sir.
[NAMEKIANS gasp]
[NAMEKIAN B gasps]
[NAMEKIAN B grunts]
[NAMEKIANS gasp]
[NAMEKIAN A grunts]
You...!
No!
[NAMEKIAN A yells]
[SUBORDINATE RED SPOTS yells]
[NAMEKIAN A gasps]
[NAMEKIAN A shudders]
[ZARBON yells]
[NAMEKIAN A screams]
[ZARBON laughs]
[thud]
[KRILLIN]
Those rotten bastards!
[GOHAN grunts]
Why...?!
[KRILLIN] Gohan! You have
to control your power
or they'll find us!
But we can't just sit here...!
Look, you do wanna bring
Piccolo and the others
back to life right?
[KRILLIN]
There's no way in hell
the two of us can take
on someone like him.
If we try... all we'll get
for our trouble is... dead.
[GOHAN grunts]
So what'll it be?
I trust we are all feeling a
bit more cooperative now, yes?
What is your reason for
collecting the Dragon Balls?
Oh, quite a frivolous
little wish, really...
I simply desire eternal life
for myself. Nothing extravagant.
He wants what...?
But what about Vegeta...?
He... He's out for
eternal life, too. Right...?
Do you think
maybe these aren't
Vegeta's friends after all?
I don't know...
Over my dead body
would I ever grant
our Dragon Ball
to someone like you!
[FRIEZA laughs]
Not really much of
a challenge, I fear...
If that's how you feel.
My, such frustrating
tenacity...
I suppose it is to be expected
in someone your age.
Still... Would you waste
the lives of one's so young?
You monster!
[NAMEKIANS shudder]
No! How dare you?!
[KRILLIN and GOHAN grunt]
[GOHAN grunts]
[beeping]
Huh...?
[DODORIA] There's
something strong nearby.
Hmm...?
[beeping]
Lord Frieza! Up in the sky!
[KRILLIN and GOHAN gasp]
[NAMEKIAN CHILDREN gasp]
[NAMEKIAN CHILDREN laugh]
Ah! Good! They're here!
[NAMEKIANS C, D, and E grunt]
Uh... There's
more of 'em!
I think they've
come to fight!
[NAMEKIAN C gasps]
So... my sense of foreboding
was justified after all...
That was rude...
Interrupting our little chat...
And here we were so
close to an agreement...
A pity too that you've
come all this way to die...
Heh, heh, heh...
Because die you shall...
[NAMEKIAN E] I didn't
want to believe it.
But I can see that
the rumor of someone
razing our villages
to the ground
in search of
Dragon Balls is true!
[NAMEKIAN D grunts]
You'll pay dearly for this!
How dare you come here and
violate the peace of our world?!
[NAMEKIANS C and D grunt]
Oh... Do you three
intend to cause a scene?
How strong are
the three of you,
I can't help but wonder...
Hmm... Dodoria?
[DODORIA] Ha! Just a
moment, sir. I'll check.
[beeping]
[DODORIA laughs]
Don't be disappointed;
but they're all in the
neighborhood of one-thousand...
[SUBORDINATES laugh]
[DODORIA] There's
hardly a need for us
to even lift a finger.
[ELDER] Of course...
I understand now.
We've always taken care to
scatter our dwellings at random
across this planet to
foil potential aggressors;
but these fiends...
Those infernal devices tell
them exactly where we are...
[SUBORDINATE MOHAWK laughs]
[SUBORDINATE MOHAWK]
That's rich...!
You weaklings
wanna rumble with us?
With a power level of just
a thousand each? Seriously?!
No...
They're suppressing their full
power. Can't you even tell?
Man, for an elite fighting force
these guys sure are clueless.
Wait a sec, the Saiyans
were caught off guard
when we did that too...
weren't they?
[SUBORDINATE MOHAWK
and HUMAN yell]
[NAMEKIAN E grunts]
[SUBORDINATES yell]
[NAMEKIAN E yells]
[SUBORDINATE MOHAWK yells]
[thud]
[NAMEKIANS yell]
[SUBORDINATE MOHAWK yells]
[SUBORDINATE
YELLOW SPOTS yells]
[SUBORDINATE HUMAN yells]
[SUBORDINATE GATOR FACE yells]
[NAMEKIAN E yells]
[NAMEKIAN D yells]
[explosion]
[SUBORDINATE HUMAN yells]
[splash]
[NAMEKIAN E yells]
[NAMEKIAN D yells]
You imbecile...
I thought you said
their power level
was just a thousand...
Uhh... Uhh...
[NAMEKIAN D yells]
I don't understand.
Their power's increased to
at least three-thousand each!
[explosion]
[SUBORDINATES yell]
[FRIEZA]
Gotta hand it to them;
they're really
not all that bad.
[DODORIA]
Oh, I see...
The Namekians are able to
disguise their strength...
Not many breeds I've
seen can manage that.
They seem to be using
it to their advantage.
[ELDER] Good, good.
Including his own,
only three of those
contraptions remain unbroken.
Stand away from me, children...
Quick now,
there's not much time!
Go!
Dodoria.
Right...
[DODORIA]
I'll teach them a lesson.
Trying to pull a
fast one on us, huh?
Mind if I try to take all of
them out at one time, my lord?
[FRIEZA]
Knock yourself out.
[ELDER yells]
[shattering]
[ELDER breathes heavily]
You bastard...! Ha...!
Tell me that's not your
idea of a technique!
Cause if so, I'd say
you're thoroughly screwed!
[ELDER yells]
[shattering]
Dodoria...!
He's after the scouters!
Stop him! Take him down!
[KRILLIN]
Scouters?
[GOHAN] Ah... is that
what they call those things
that tell them how
strong someone is?
Ah... That's it!
That's how they're
able to pinpoint
the location of
the Dragon Balls.
The same way they size
up an opponent's power!
They've been using those devices
to track down Namekians
and bully them into
doing what they want.
The old one's figured
out their game though;
that's why he's trying to
bust all the scouters up!
[DODORIA grunts]
[DODORIA]
That little...!
[DODORIA grunts]
I'm through
playin' games now!
[DODORIA grunts]
Every last one
of 'em's gonna die!
Ya hear me?! Every last
one! Starting with you!
[KRILLIN and GOHAN yell]
[NAMEKIAN C]
Elder! Look out!
[DODORIA yells]
[NARRATOR] The Elder's quick
thinking has backfired,
sparking a fury in Dodoria as
terrifying as it is sudden...
Can Gohan and
Krillin simply watch
while Frieza and his cronies
do their worst to the Namekians?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey, it's me! Goku!
I'll be on Namek in
just six days, guys.
Don't do anything reckless!
[KRILLIN] You've gotta
control yourself, Gohan!
If they spot us,
we're done for!
[GOHAN] No way!
I'm gonna give these
creeps what's comin' to 'em!
[KRILLIN] Oh no!
What have you done?!
Run away!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] I'm sorry,
I can't just sit still!